we're here off the coast of South
America in the Caribbean Sea
it's us the Kratt brothers I'm Chris
Martin and swimming in the water
surround us is a type of creature who
has remained relatively unchanged since
the time of the dinosaurs it has a
perfect design for seafaring and sea
living yeah you know who we're talking
about sea turtles the body design of the
sea turtle has been pretty much
unchanged for millions of years it's the
same today as it was way back then that
shape and design the sea turtle has
enabled it to survive all the dinosaurs
died out that's how good it is but how
is it this good why does it work let's
check out this ultimate sea survivor in
action
hey how about swimming with the sea
turtles
not much here Oh glass sweats attorney a
green sea turtle whoa look at him come
fly through the water
a sea turtle can stand or water for 12
minutes with swimming without coming up
for air
he's not letting us get close he's
keeping his shell towards us
I wonder why what about all the
challenges and dangers of living in the
sea
how did sea turtles survive what's all
the aquatic mega dinosaurs after how do
they escape the sharks and killer whales
after them today imagine to tweeted the
power to swim with the sea turtles
tortuga tuna what's going on well put it
this way I'm troubled by the tortuga
design what are you talking about
but tortuga is great just the way it is
it has a protective shell like a
tortoise or any kind of turtle inside
and it has retractable legs and like my
favorite land turtle he's talking about
the box turtle and it's incredible
ability to retract into its shell
completely it's a great defense for the
box turtle and for us whenever we have
to go into lockdown mode against one of
our
there are two guys camouflage patterns
so it can blend into its background like
a box turtle or leopard tortoise does
that's why turtles turtles around the
world have shell patterns that can blend
into just about any conceivable habitat
and the Tortugas got all that - and you
can even up her like the flying turtle
yeah and flying is really good for there
are no flying turtles the Tortuga is
absolutely awesome